Secondary antagonist to [[Story Arc 1  - Revolutions]]; serves as both a 'beacon of despair' as well as a glimmer of hope for mankind. A researcher and 'visionary' deeply obsessed with power and control, they rose to moderate, isolated power thanks to their ties to some Executive families. Seeking to exceed the 'limits' of what the world thinks someone can be, they publish a digital MA, [[Gate Four]], as a way to gather unheard amounts of combat data within a short span of time. The end of the arc culminates with them crushing the revolutionary forces on behalf of a (small) deployed [[Executive]] fleet, which is made to clear to be overpowering in comparison to the protagonists. Upon fulfilling their task with a new, aggregated frame (Gate Three), they turn upon their previous 'benefactors', suffering heavy damage but wrecking the entire enemy fleet in the process. Retreating via a visually plain transport vehicle, they leave behind a scattered battlefield full of death and destruction, but showing the cast that "the gods can bleed".

Story Arc 2 centres around their actions under the 'Gate Two' models, and seeking to create for themselves a 'reality marble' of immortality, Gate One. The 'villain' ends up winning, and the gradually-expanding reality marble is a success, but Babel comes to the realisation that their final 'end goal' of ultimate control is a dead, hollow marble garden, consumed by the hole at the centre of their ego. The 'reality marble' collapses, and Babel readies to kill themselves, seeing as they see no way out other than an unsatisfying 'end'. Before the killing blow, however, they are stopped by (STC, arc 1 Revolution leader), seeing as an end is both too kind and too cruel of a thing to bestow upon them. They are left, alone, broken, unfulfilled, in the remains of a shattered heaven.

Fawkes pronounced as 'Faux'. 'Babel' first name, 'Fawkes' surname.
Their 'villain's failing' is an inability to see the "other man" as equal - it is not a solvable failing, but a tragic one. The morale of their story is that every death matters, and so every life matters **equally**.